[DOCS] Remove all mentions of profilers in public docs (#8825)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/deployment_patterns/how_to_use_great_expectations_with_google_cloud_platform_and_bigquery.md

  ]}>
<TabItem value="gcs">

> For our example, we will be creating an ExpectationSuite with [instant feedback from a sample Batch of data](../guides/expectations/how_to_create_and_edit_expectations_with_instant_feedback_from_a_sample_batch_of_data.md), which we will describe in our `BatchRequest`. For additional examples on how to create ExpectationSuites, either through [domain knowledge](../guides/expectations/how_to_create_and_edit_expectations_based_on_domain_knowledge_without_inspecting_data_directly.md) or using a DataAssistant, please refer to the documentation under `How to Guides` -> `Creating and editing Expectations for your data` -> `Core skills`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, you'll create an Expectation Suite with [instant feedback from a sample Batch of data](../guides/expectations/how_to_create_and_edit_expectations_with_instant_feedback_from_a_sample_batch_of_data.md), that you'll describe in your `BatchRequest.` To create Expectation Suites, using domain knowledge or a Data Assistant, see (../guides/expectations/expectations/expectations_lp.md).
```
